docs(kosmos): Add instructions on how to upgrade a Kosmos node ext-add-kosmos (#2276)
scaleway/docs-content: containers/kubernetes/how-to/edit-kosmos-cluster.mdx

      This action will remove your node from the cluster. Your external node will not be deleted from your other cloud provider account(s).
    </Message>

## How to upgrade nodes in a multi-cloud pool in your Kosmos cluster

The Kubernetes version of the existing nodes in your multi-cloud pool cannot be upgraded. Once a node is provisioned, it will stay in the Kubernetes version it started with. To upgrade, you will have to detach a node, and add a new one:

1. In the Pools section of your Kosmos cluster, click **Upgrade** next to the node pool. This will not cause any of your existing nodes to upgrade, but will instead ensure that any new nodes added to the pool will start up with the newer version.
2. Add a new node to your pool. It will start up with the new version of Kubernetes.

> 3. Using kubectl, drain one of the old nodes in your pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Drain one of the old nodes in your pool using kubectl.
```

> 4. Detach the drained node. Keep in mind you will need to deprovision or recycle the node in your cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Detach the drained node. You will then need to deprovision or recycle the node in your cloud provider.
```
